[Music]
The nights that many like you spend, how do you
feel today you've been saved by
paying tribute to Pedro Carrasco, he
with the face of a boxer, don't see, I don't
have the sounds
[Music]
But they didn't send you just in case, it
wasn't logical, they didn't tell you to
take the anti-inflammatory Argon online,
look, you
don't have to go through, you have to go through to
get there today when he attends Kiko Matamoros,
how to be 65 years old, how
things are
to answer you, answer you, it was already
as if the bastard is
recovering and you have to do what you
can, he's already
brave, brave, but many times he
recovers and we'll go when we can,
if he wants, let's comment a little on the
summary track, my summary Jordi, mother, I
did it in 9 10 minutes looking at the camera,
which tells me a cheat sheet for nothing because
in the end I always learn and they tell me
the 9 minutes looking at the camera
for the bridge of secrets
which I didn't look at for 1 minute, I didn't take my
eyes off the camera
but I didn't, I didn't die,  I put three or
four of eyes and the fourth of the
important secrets the notebook of
secrets anyone would want it I think
so in fact this one is very very
sought after out there what does this news say
put I have 40 of the secrets or rather
I have lived it writing everything down this
morning I am amazed now one thing
and I don't know I have not seen your video I did not follow it
gives you an impression but I am going to get lost I
just reached 60 years subscribers
by the way thanks to everyone in
now they will know about Holland everything I imagine
that the 500 witnesses that are here will be
subscribed to wine because
if not it is as if they are not subscribed to life it
is that I had not seen it I saw that I
have 660 I
was sleeping
my god
well
descriptive lie I am
going to lose it because te deum so there are
parts of this series that are
driving me a little
if it surprises you I
think that this line has two
eras you know I think that well it has
several eras in her life of course what I
mean is that when she is a
girl she is a very pretty girl very pretty
with reason she is pretty very  cared for by the
families in very good conditions I remove the
roll but that he is a child when when
the whole era of Antonio Davis is already going on
then he decides and such then he goes
crazy he goes
completely crazy
but well on the part first of the
issue of the state achieved what happens
is that I have things about them that if I
believe what happens as soon as the
mind arrives through mind through
Antonio David it is as if the decision already comes out it
is not respect again the
falsehood
let's say it like that not to the obsession God it is
like it goes well it goes many times
teller of the stories well and there are
things in which it is noticeable that he is
right but the obsession comes out for
Antonio de Vidrio it comes out and okay and what
is the point what is the point in which
you have seen or at what moment have you
believed the things that he has said
and you know
for example la
mosquera is giving him a camera
this chapter as if to say in the
name of Pedro but in a chapter
for example that of Raquel Mosquera
and if I believe it when we talk about
him when we talk about
the
famous episode that he is most popular of  raquel
mosquera the save me from light from where she
already tells the [ __ ] daughter this does not know if
this episode
and what she says and what that phrase says I
believe it
and I believe that that same god believed it
then
but well in parts
first the issue of the father
unexpectedly then you can try and
there you have your detail that there is no way to
take the gods the detail that
the daughter does not leave him her father's belt
but according to what raquel mosquera tells
two months ago in viva la vida reaching an
agreement without a lawyer and rocio juradó
arrives with a lawyer and reaching an
agreement at the time of the inheritance
at that time what interested
rocio carrasco were a series of things
that were the majority and let's say that
she kept the moral issues not what
had value let's
say pedro carrasco that it was the issue
of the trophies and of course the premises
that was what I don't know if he had
anything left he kept something else but he kept the
minimum the minimum to throw away
then
although he didn't have much he did
have some of everything  that I think in
her name she had some some
houses I don't know how many but some
houses
but not one or two I think there were
several so that thing about her having little
either so she kept the
whole thing Rocío Carrasco and Raquel
Mosquera book no I have local to keep going
I she was imagine
very bad he just died her husband
went without a lawyer and she wanted no no I
like his belongings that she was
fond of I am fond of him and the place
to keep going until I don't know if she
kept anything else but I insist the rest
of things in which Rocío Carrasco and
reach an agreement with a lawyer
forward who was Rocío Carrasco that is to
say the one that Mosquera went without a lawyer
and if this this was said by Raquel Mosquera and of
course because I reach an agreement
when my grandfather I
my grandmother had in her house the
I have always liked the
cameras of the cameras and other
cameras 100 years surely seven years and it
flies when you are already alone
but
that has no doubt about her father who is the
other but so I remember ugly the
world champion trophy the belt and she doesn't
have it but I insist I refer to it she still
has to explain to me what I would have
liked her to have explained what
Raquel Mosquera said that in addition they put the
extract they put one of the extracts
recently because she hasn't explained or
has denied what Raquel
Mosquera says in Viva la Vida because don't you hear
this is not how it was
I told her done and we agreed that I was
going to the trophies I didn't say that
and it would have I am
interesting that
in this case Rocío Carrasco had denied
Raquel Mosquera in the extract
of the video of playing a couple of months ago in
which Raquel Mosquera was saying
how the distribution was that it was already without a
lawyer that she only kept the
trophies and the premises and there it would have been
good if she had dismantled it
like no no no no this was not like that besides
I have my lawyer and Luppi can
present it with papers because there will be
papers of how it was I don't think I think
he Mosquera knowing that there are papers that
both Raquel Mosquera and
Rocío Carrasco have it so that's why I tell you
that  In that sense, it's not that I was saying
that seeing her as she was, there is that if
Rocío Carrasco hasn't denied it, having
the papers, it's because
Raquel Mosquera is right, that they reached an agreement,
all of this is
without disrespect because I know that she has
a mental illness
[Music] I
mean,
although it doesn't seem like a joke, there's
no need to go back and forth, she tells us,
for example, dude, that she didn't step on the belt, she did
n't want anything from the father because they were
angry and she was very proud, she didn't
step on the belt,
Rocío Carrasco, but if she doesn't want her
children, wait
a moment, but I have the expression
when we take out,
although she has given me the
whole load, she has put the long one whose that we
treat them, love them, yes, the face,
although no, I'm not going to one of them
now, but it's that after that
non-media family will not have their
experiences, a vis will have their experience
logically, but it's that these two
women who have been made for, almost,
almost hired for the occasion, I
take it with a grain of salt
[Music]
just as if it were the other way around, just as
if it were the other way around
that is true but that is
true that I would have liked in that
case if you are right about that and you believe that I would have
liked you to have
denied Raquel Mosquera with the
papers it is as simple as that is what
you said my life is going two
months ago I dismantled it for you with this look we
reached an agreement this I asked you
but it is that it was born like that Javi Dio it
is that it is very easy for him it has
the papers that she went with her lawyer
and Raquel Mosquera not as easy as
showing the papers to the agreement they
reached and she has not given me the belt
but it is not like that I think it
requires telling the truth let me explain it is that of
course I do not know if you saw the
Viva la Vida thing from two months ago so
if you left
that then of course having that in
context if not he denies it and apart from that
this seems to have been filmed recently
because images from
very recently have been put up an
extract from a very short time ago on
Viva la Vida of the last time he was
practically there with which is to say that let's
go that it could have been denied that
it could have been included there  or I could have
said it in the one about light last night
seriously
many of the things they talk about are
testimony testimony against testimony
and you can believe it with others
writes for example the fight that
Raquel Mosquera tells is that this is the
word of an entry of the others this is not
the other preview navy there was a report there was a
camera there were videos apart from the thing
from the first season
apart from all the documents and all the
things that there were about the children's spoon
about what one says what
the others said
was calling abuse
the fact of going through the banana passage
at the moment that at the
moment in each episode
of the way
how the spark is not a little like boom
and she is obsessed let's see
even the section to flag and speaking
nicely of the father of all the states
a part that is super nice has taken out
the videos of Pedro Carrasco let us see
this all the documentation that they are
putting old and newspaper archives
and super handsome
here there is another such ordinality
like
Belinda is super pretty
the good was coming well
a moment of skillful action arrives and already
does the documentary
as if it goes wrong it begins to be said
that the father
and
that is  precisely just said in a
video and javi I say let's see
obviously you are 17 years old and it's not
because you are a civil guard or anything
obviously a father who doesn't want
for his non-Serbian self
but I see here and simply because they
were very young and they are increasingly
rushing her
and also and in addition to her being very spoiled she
is very very very crazy let's put it that way and
that she had, I
tell you, a very pretty girl pretty
with the butane but well,
to great ones in Spain
obviously because it was something that she
owed her
so you don't want a civil guard
also that then leave because there is
a point in the episode in which he would have
equalized him
and as if there was plumber action as
if it had been well
minutes before in the same documentary
report if you notice there is a report
on Father Jofré they are the contradictions
what I tell you is that the curious thing is that he
contradicts himself in the same chapter of
the things that I said is that the curious
and he puts a door
and with the exact civil guard salary
yes but he knows what happens that
really with a civil guard salary
that for that time was like that of
a teacher  practically no I think it's
okay what happens is clear if they
come from another economy I understand that if
she
of course comes they come with another
economy well I understand that for that it's
crap but she's a client that with less
than that money and with three or four children
they push forward let's see if she understands me
she loses them you want
abi we
say huape everything because it was very fourth
also in danger
looking with her the beach water mystic
[Music]
category traveling the world the
route is seen with Antonio there was and on
the beach
but that would have happened to
anyone I would have seen let's go although although
I that is although he was the most
handsome in the world and he would have fallen it's
fine but another in the beginning he is the one who is
going to take my beautiful daughter
[Music]
these people problems because
then they place him wherever in the
problem
be patient more little by little
white but equally what does it
say
for traje punta that says the letter in
which they put the uniforms on her
and well apart from that about the relationship
with Pedro that he says that it is
not good
there is one he says that there
is a part in which he says that his
father
that never because they attract for a
serious life that they are still I had
never heard talk about my evil to
Pedro Carrasco yes that creates
literally I'm not telling you that I could
see it and that whatever I want because
surely no less yes it is true
that Pedro Carrasco was Prudencio no I
no I found the videos of Alice you
have it that I think it's great but I cannot
find in a video of Pedro Carrasco
speaking badly of Anton Avis however
if they don't put it in the episode yes we have
well speaking badly of Fidel if it
obviously implies that no that he doesn't like him
there yes he puts seven videos of
that same interview in the documentary
but this cord another one by clear clear
because the documentary is tailor-made so that let's
say it demonstrates a series of things
that are not that is why I tell you that I
remain the same, I both the first and
the second I continue seeing the same
thing
and I insist this is connecting to this like
when the wolf comes and I say so many so many
lies so many
contradictions and so much false library
that you are putting because there is one that
contradicts the other that this that the
other and notation so so manipulated
everything  that in the end when you're going to tell the
truth we're not going to believe it
that's the problem
here nobody expects more for it
but in
general
a very nice documentary because there are
parts that are very nice but
and
this afternoon apparently on Canal Sur they
showed a documentary about the Rocío
Jurado and people are freaking out in the
comments
how nice I don't know what because it's a
real documentary
made by and for the occasion because we're going to do it it's
become fashionable so he
wanted to make a documentary and people
are here in the comments Enrique how
nice the documentary nothing to do with
this one
[Music]
episode 1
I chose sodium unisys
the very handsome one and this one the whole first one
I sold the whole part of x
about finishing his career of the hate ones
all that part of documents
yes yes
[Music]
but the part that
the father and the the the discussion that
Raquel Mosquera tells us about she
translates it as if they were phases
well it's to oppose thank goodness
that conversation happened because thanks to that
conversation my father and he tells her the
abc
assets before before I said I
no longer had the  answer
well and thanks to this operation
thank you
and then it is percent we will see
that a compensation comes in
conditions we know that because it
can get nervous with with him with the
argument with the girl and she says one
thing and if more in this apartment of the father you
need account that she says that she
says that I am not even water that is not
true she knew very well what
my father lived because she herself served as his
patient because she saw she is preferring to
leave the father in a bad way like a drunk on
the road before assuming that she had
an argument with him what was said before in
a video the director I remember when
but
totally in other parts of that
chapter xavi it ​​is very curious that little
more than chalk
the ground where logical cord
where football passes
I was talking to me about rigen I say yes of
course how can it not be shown she is
throwing high she
says and
with fidel
for what make peace that he asked for
forgiveness parents
to god fidel I forgot forgive ask him let
's go that they would have to see supports
or pedro carrasco
plant of the xunta and kiss for god do
you think that is normal
although if it were him that although if it were
me I would not  I would say so even if she were
very pretty golden gorgeous
every time every time you say something about
gorgeous they say it's normal that she doesn't
open her eyes well that she hasn't seen the
episode well
generally like that they are very noticeable
the radical men let's call it
young water
the truth
yes
but people are not like you people
not like you who go every two by three to
do something
tooth
but you see her as a young woman
and all youth when she comes out as a young woman
when she is presenting the program with
Teresa Campos
and you tell someone to go pick up
the clippings also of duck of all
the compliments that she is throwing at her I
tell you the other one
without disrespecting her well I tell you that
this girl has it in her head
and there her face changes look you can
see it in her face her face changes it gives her
like a spark and it's like a horrible corner she
has
the weight she says
he
explained to us all his unity of his whole
life it revolves
apart from his god ask him his whole life it
revolves in the hatred and resentment that he has
for Antonio David
if then that is carried forward to his
children that is being a documentary in
the one who is explaining to you the love that
the parents had for them damn the
same for your children
so the Castilla episode with your daughter
as with
your mother to the cut she is going to live with you at
22 disgusts with what happens but she
asks her daughter now she does not forgive her no to
her daughter she does not forgive her
[Music]
because she does
not forgive her for the episode she does not
forgive her because she talks to you with him to I do not
say of each that in front of the public what they
see of her but evidently
we know that since she loves the father very much she
began to get jealous whatever it was or
envy and
I think that there the
relationship was distorted when she no no your father
leaves you speakers or well we can
put we have to organize that you put
on bracelets no no no we have dangerous [ __ ]
[ __ ] and everyone stops to
bother the other person because you know
when she gets to Antonio David's house
with they know that they are going to have an argument
and she goes looking at least what I see from the
outside
is like when she says
no because if you realize how
not to
tell him to argue tear off those that
perdition
if life  I would tell her the same thing she
says
but the relatives say the name he
felt passion for his daughter name is that the
father
evidently this phase
before the blue tide that are super super
extras
there will be people who deny it to you that they believe
that this Rocío Carrasco is nothing but a former
juror and Fidelio before Expedito today
that serves a former juror and Pedro Carrasco
raise his head that he could
throw something again if not kind
if Pedro Carrasco raises his head
in this area with his daughter
against
me I think that's how
things are right now first the daughter
evidently
if not been cured will raise his head
would put order and would leave she would leave before
she is her mother
the jurors raise their heads
with their daughter and they would no longer be with me with
the shipowner and with him not
even with the glory that she trusts now
now I also tell you that she would be with her
daughter but that they would get a good
scolding just as just as in
private just as they got the
same staying in front they also
got quite a scolding what happens is that
this is something that evidently she was
never going to tell in public in the grand
jury
in her father died with  his life that's what
Raquel Mosquera says it could never have
happened that call of a [ __ ] who
knows
those kinds of things are obviously not
literal they are not said for real they are in
a moment of anger of rage and let's say
that it has not come down at once with a
father a mother a son a cousin a
brother with anyone I think that no he does not live
here
far away a child boys and you are not
going to tell him the son of a [ __ ] shareholders
but if you insist the oldest daughter of
rebel who is putting herself in
shame in front of her partner
although then five minutes after she
says it is life life in days
gone by nobody has a perfect life
nothing and nobody finish the
flower company never fight with a son do
not fight with their partner they are nothing
and they come to see us
no obviously but nobody has the
perfect life
logical
and very strong god we forgot what he
says
when he gives birth burial in his father and the
music that we suck them I got the
tune video well that reminds me that
reminds me that to comment on this we
have to remember that when he goes to the
funeral home  mila ximénez and
antonio davis explained it i think that at the moment he
demonstrated it he demonstrated it quite well
because the same people that are seen in
the video that were clamoring later with
the five euros from [ __ ] calleja
suddenly
saw him as a monster and they
booed and that is incredible not
only
in the
media
to put the trachea
but really someone has that much power
to convince so many people
and on top of that if antonio had gone
around saying hey let's
fight it some would have filed that away
not in a way well he
booed him i don't know if it's because
people really knew that he got along
badly with his father and it was like a
kind of i say in falsehood this
can be said better by the people who
saw it at the time because
i wouldn't have made it independent or
rather one thing one thing is fine and another thing and
a boo nobody if it seems false to me
that someone comes to someone's funeral home it
is not the time it is not the time to
boo anyone everyone should know what they are
doing and there are people many times of
course if they really knew
Fidel wasn't very good bits either he didn't
point a little bit at all maybe they
blamed him there it was him it was her
the episode
is the whole
episode of
them having the accident d
if the Mercedes
you have to compare when they have the
motorcycle accident in Argentona with the
car accident of the Mercedes that
mount Pedro Carrasco Ortega Cano called
go take the keys to the house
heartburn and leaving there
unsustainable that
is terrible already what the deal is there
because Antonio David didn't do that to him
Antonio del Tiempo couldn't win again either
and now with Fidel the thing was like what he did
n't want him he didn't want him he didn't want
me the
men of the family the three
ringleaders Amador Ortega and Pedro
Carrasco got together to throw Fidel out and there you
have it there is some very strong information about us
that happens
clearly and now she comes with another
story
and above all with stories that no one
can corroborate except
Pedro Carrasco's brother they don't want each other we do
n't know them and you haven't seen my
life and that everything is clear done  before I
would like like why and that the father himself or the mother herself cannot corroborate all the things that she is saying there is nothing that justifies it or that proves it and by balls she wants to sell that the parents are or fall in love in recession
in the typical story of a girl with
separated parents by the capricious girl
of a separated father
the illusion that her parents had
died that
her father that I want to read her own
good yes
what is the typical story of a
capricious girl who would like her father to
be
worked out it is something that happens what
Rocío Carrasco does not conceive is that since
they got along within the order that they
were divorced for whatever they got along
well, she always
had the hope that they would get
back together but no, it is not done that two
people can be separated and
can get along, that does
not happen to her like when
Antonio David, I mean capabilities
apart from that it is not that you that are
separated that they have not returned because they have not
wanted to return more
or not
that Ortega Cano in the end did not want to, did not
want Rocío Jurado and that she did not
want her father Raquel either  Mosquera that's what she
wants to put in our heads when we
saw each other we saw something else
two figures he called him
trying to get him to show up there at
the house I don't know what that does
n't know anymore well that was more or
less told by Raquel Mosquera that at
first she tried to get Rocío Jurício back
with him she tried but but
Raquel Mosquera herself says that she
was very much in love with Ortega Cano when she
met her I mean when I met
Ortega Cano and the whole thing I mean she fell madly in
love with him
and let's say she forgot about Pedro
Carrasco
[Music]
and that she can have that fantasy and
that dream you know but what oh
what
with the bullfighter
yes no it's not the
typical it's not the typical couple
javi de well I know that maybe they
weren't old anza I mean there are
many people from that time who didn't
separate because we have to put up with it
because we got married it's what there is
but the thing is that they were already
divorced another person I mean
they wouldn't have cost anything in
any case to Rocío Jurício yes to Pedro
Carrasco to have said if I get divorced
once I got divorced he separated me two there is
no problem in Halo or in other words unsustainable cases
the blows
with having returned you will see he wants to
return and they had a relationship as it should
be when people separate
under conditions you
know we put a relationship of love listen
that there was a special affection why
special father of your children my mother
yes they could only have fallen
in love
for a little and there is no no that has
not been invented
good churros for nothing well
I think that the powerful thing we have
commented but that yes
the powerful
the boos that seem incredible to me
well the people
the interventions made about the
boos what I was telling you that she was not
well seen that she did not get along with the
father people knew it was the talk
of the gossip at that time and it was a
little because of that but that the plan was to live
in the machine so that I come on come on already
incredible to read it as reading no
because they would have known that with that
one of the language would have left mira they
have proposed to me that no
when Pedro Carra as
in the aforementioned account it is important  that we don't
see
Raquel Mosquera
on Sálvame de Luxe she tells this episode
when I always read
today I was in this one that is here is the
car I don't know what it's
worth they
put on a video of 'Chronicles of Mars'
that is supposed to be after that
fight
and she's telling you see there you have the
proof that according to her
the fight had already passed and look how she looks at me like there she
's not telling you anything clear let's
see if you have a fight at
home and you go on a
television program the following week you're not
going to tell it to her her on the program in
chronicles or being cordial
time when things are worse
inside she already tells it it seems she's not a
fan she uses as proof an
extract from 'Chronicles of Mars' as
proof look she sees him here talking well
about me he's not saying anything about the fight
and it's after of
course she would be being cordial of
course evidently not but the thing is
that Mosquera has always always been like that I
mean until he has
started to poke her she is crazy she
has not told a bath of her intimacy
moving it has been very  well I don't
know what here it doesn't say anything about the fight
but of course it's not because it hasn't happened
because it's cutting off our private cases
this also an excerpt in which it is
a little more than that they are friends it's not that they are very
young it's that more or less and in case they
wanted to get married well that's also their right
me and they will know he even asked her they are little
brothers
as if it were
look look you see there the
fight had already been and no she is not saying the one about the
fight of course since at that moment things were not there things
are bad and as
the years go by when you tell it nobody
has anything the way
Raquel Mosquera tells it
that part I keep
the fight to myself I think that in addition I
believe it literally like to take it or is it that
every time she speaks goodbye she could be
like whatever whatever you want to say whatever
she has that I don't know exactly what she
has exactly but when I see her
speak I see her very sure of herself and
you know that with the problem that she has being
sure of yourself when you talk
about something it is very complicated even if you
know that you are right you ca
n't put makeup on it but I believe myself
when she tells the truth
and now a little eel cava
none
good in viva la vida I do it that
she brought the papers and everything she
talked about I don't know if there was a lawyer there at
that time a new notary with what it
was that he had reviewed it
before starting the program and said that
everything she was saying is the truth the
question is what
while she starts to walk through
Martial Chronicle there is everywhere plate and so on and
according to Rocío Carrasco
when she gets together with Anthony Davis when they
start to mistreat she
handles everything and manages entertainment for the
family members, her family members
look at you how complicated that if one
day she had done this I think that if
one day she had done this they would have
started living together with Rocío Carrasco
and they would have said hey look what
Antonio David just told me you know have
always been in a relationship with Antonio David
to see a child was the only way to
nylon
putting
in what I've been saying all day
we commented on things is that
yesterday yesterday this man who came in had
casquista overtones but he wasn't  catechist he
threw it at both sides to the
blue tide or to the flowers moreno in this
case antonia david and to rocio carrasco he
also said things about her quite
strongly and do not go that they gave me a
choice and we hope to see that it is you
five that here I bring people who have opinions in
both ways we had a debate that
little more they were telling me that I
had to shout law I should have
told him everything I say he does not have his opinion and
I the relative one as I say I thought and we
ended up talking quite well what
happens is that debating what we did not
agree and also this
man knew in the end in the end it is that I do not
know if I can say it but we are going to see it
we have had it here for free and we are going to
see it in several one in several
Telecinco programs the next few days
and then
to criticize it here
[Music]
if anyone has the absolute truth but
well
the azzurra that thank you very much for having
invited me to the tour to take a
look there that they have also told me
that they
need people tools that were
feelings and rocio carrasco has called
to life
not something they said in the chat
the  Rocío's ally with Marina, but I didn't
know what relationship he was referring to
because they told me, yes, exactly like Rocío,
the Marina area in Nadal or something like that, and
with that, I'm left with
a big hug to all of Chapo
[Music]